Improve GDExtension tutorial based on own experience (#10570)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/gdextension/gdextension_cpp_example.rst

The second is our ``_process`` function, which will work exactly the same
as the ``_process`` function you're used to in GDScript.

> .. note::

Reviewer: This should be reworded. Since the introduction of runtime classes this would not be always true. Runtime classes do need their own page/section either way. Not sure if it is viable to add this here. If we do add it we should IMHO replace it with a link to that runtime class section when that is written.

Author: Thank you for pointing this out, I think I will change my project to runtime class.

When I read this tutorial I thought it to be just like other documentation about scripts, where we assume the reader wants to implement the game functionality, and doing something in the editor is the special case. So I would propose to change the macro in code examples to `GDREGISTER_RUNTIME_CLASS`, and put info that if you want to run your code in the editor, you will need to use `GDREGISTER_CLASS` around the initialize snippet, and in the documentation for `@tool`

Reviewer 2: > So I would propose to change the macro in code examples to `GDREGISTER_RUNTIME_CLASS`, and put info that if you want to run your code in the editor, you will need to use `GDREGISTER_CLASS` around the initialize snippet

I think this makes sense. This example is really a "scripting with GDExtension" example, more than a "extending the engine with GDExtension" example, and in the former most folks probably want runtime classes most of the time.

Author: Removed the section, and changed code and screen recording to runtime class.

called respectively when Godot loads our plugin and when it unloads it. All
we're doing here is parse through the functions in our bindings module to
initialize them, but you might have to set up more things depending on your

> needs. We call the ``GDREGISTER_RUNTIME_CLASS`` macro for each of our classes
> in our library. This will make them run only in game, like the default for
> GDScript, but there are more choices in ``godot-cpp``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs. We call the ``GDREGISTER_RUNTIME_CLASS`` macro for each of our classes
in our library. This will make them run only in game, like the default for
GDScript.
```

I think we can simplify that. Just saying there are more choices and then not supplying those choices would be a bad UX. This could be worded once we could redirect them to a separate page where this is actually explained.

Compiling the plugin
--------------------

> To compile the project we need to define it for SCons using another
> ``SConstruct`` file which references the one in ``godot-cpp``.
> Writing it from scratch is outside the scope of this tutorial, but you can
> :download:`the SConstruct file we prepared <files/cpp_example/SConstruct>`.
> We'll cover a more customizable, detailed example on how to use these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compile the project we need to define how SCons should compile it using a
``SConstruct`` file which references the one in ``godot-cpp``.
Writing it from scratch is outside the scope of this tutorial, but you can
:download:`the SConstruct file we prepared <files/cpp_example/SConstruct>`.
We'll cover a more customizable, detailed example on how to use these
```

We're finally ready to run the project:

.. video:: img/gdextension_cpp_animated.webm
   :alt: Screen recording of a game window, with Godot logo moving in the top-left corner
   :autoplay:
   :loop:

>    :muted:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   :muted:
   :align: default
```

This is the same problem fixed in https://github.com/godotengine/godot-docs/pull/10566, caused by a recent dependency update. Add an `:align: default` and this will get fixed in a batch in that PR. It might still render wrong in the meantime.

Next steps
----------

We hope the above example showed you the basics. You can build upon this
example to create full-fledged scripts to control nodes in Godot using C++.

If you want to include other C++ libraries, consider using submodules for
getting them into your project, in the same way as we did with ``godot-cpp``.
Then you will need to add them to the ``SConstruct`` file. For details, consult
the `SCons documentation <https://scons.org/documentation.html>`__, but it may
require as little as adding these lines to the file:

.. code:: python

    env.Append(CPPPATH=["library-path/src/", "library-path/include/"])
    sources = sources + Glob("library-path/src/*.cpp")

If your editor is using `clangd Language Server <https://clangd.llvm.org/>`__
to provide smart C++ features, but it doesn't know where to find the headers,
you can fix that by `generating compile_commands.json with Scons <https://scons.org/doc/latest/HTML/scons-user/ch27.html>`__.
This should enable actions like "go to definition", also for ``godot-cpp``

> functions and types.

Reviewer: Adding C++ libraries is (usually) more complicated than that. I feel like this section simplifies the process too much. This section can apply to very simple libraries such as one-header libraries but not for more complex dependencies with their own build-system set up.

Author: Well, I'm using the typical source distribution where it's a bunch of `.h`, `.cpp` and some flags, and I've had good experience. If you're writing a dedicated piece of content, I'm happy to remove this part.

On the other hand, setting up the editor was a complete 180 to my development experience, and I think it's valuable to keep it. But I don't insist on the location.

Author: I think that we could point the reader to
https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/contributing/development/configuring_an_ide/index.html
